Update harness-provisioning-tutorial.md (#2010)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/identity/saas-apps/harness-provisioning-tutorial.md

Start with a small test group before you roll out provisioning to your entire organization. Assign a single Microsoft Entra user to Harness to test the automatic user provisioning configuration. After you verify that provisioning works correctly, you can assign additional users or groups.

When you assign a user to Harness, you must select a valid application-specific role (if available) in the **Assignment** dialog box. Users with the *Default Access* role are excluded from provisioning.

If you currently have a Harness App Integration setup in Microsoft Entra ID and are now trying to set up one for Harness, ensure that the user information is also included in the App Integration before you attempt to log into Harness through SSO.

## Set up Harness for provisioning

You must generate a SCIM API token in Harness before you can configure provisioning in Microsoft Entra ID. This token allows Microsoft Entra ID to securely connect to the Harness SCIM endpoint and provision users.

1. Sign in to your [Harness Admin Console](https://app.harness.io/auth/#/signin), select your profile at the bottom left corner of the page, and go to **Profile Overview**.

>    ![Harness Admin Console](media/harness-provisioning-tutorial/admin.png)

Reviewer: Add the required **"Screenshot of"** alt-text prefix and describe what the screenshot conveys (accessibility guidance):

```suggestion
   ![Screenshot of the Harness Admin Console with the profile menu used to open Profile Overview.](media/harness-provisioning-tutorial/admin.png)
```

1. Under **My API Keys**, select **+API Key**. The window to create an API key opens.

>    ![Harness API Keys link](media/harness-provisioning-tutorial/apikeys.png)

Reviewer: Add a descriptive **"Screenshot of"** alt-text prefix:

```suggestion
   ![Screenshot of the Harness Profile Overview page showing the +API Key button under My API Keys.](media/harness-provisioning-tutorial/apikeys.png)
```

> 1. Specify a **Name** and click **Save**. Harness creates an API key for your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Specify a **Name** and select **Save**. Harness creates an API key for your account.
```

>    ![Harness Add API Key link](media/harness-provisioning-tutorial/addkey.png)

Reviewer: Add a descriptive **"Screenshot of"** alt-text prefix:

```suggestion
   ![Screenshot of the Harness new API key dialog with the Name box and Save button.](media/harness-provisioning-tutorial/addkey.png)
```

1. To create a token for your API key, select **+Token** under your newly created API key.

   a. Provide a name and click **Generate token**.

   b. Copy the token value to a safe location. You will need this token to configure the connection in Microsoft Entra ID.

   c. Click **Close**.

>    ![Harness Add Api Key pane](media/harness-provisioning-tutorial/api-token.png)

Reviewer: Missing the **"Screenshot of"** prefix, and the label is now inaccurate -- the image is the **token** dialog (api-token.png), not an "Add API Key pane":

```suggestion
   ![Screenshot of the Harness token dialog showing the Generate token and Close buttons.](media/harness-provisioning-tutorial/api-token.png)
```

 

## Add Harness from the gallery

You must add the Harness application from the Microsoft Entra application gallery before you can configure automatic user provisioning. This registers Harness as a managed SaaS application in your Microsoft Entra tenant.

1. Sign in to the [Microsoft Entra admin center](https://entra.microsoft.com) as at least a [Cloud Application Administrator](~/identity/role-based-access-control/permissions-reference.md#cloud-application-administrator).
1. Browse to **Entra ID** > **Enterprise apps**.

   ![The "All applications" link](common/enterprise-applications.png)

1. To add a new application, select the **New application** button at the top of the pane.

   ![The "New application" button](common/add-new-app.png)

1. In the search box, enter **Harness**, select **Harness** in the results list, and then select the **Add** button to add the application.

>    ![Harness in the results list](media/harness-provisioning-tutorial/search-new-app.png)

Reviewer: Add a descriptive **"Screenshot of"** alt-text prefix:

```suggestion
   ![Screenshot of the Microsoft Entra gallery search results with Harness selected and the Add button.](media/harness-provisioning-tutorial/search-new-app.png)
```

> [!TIP]
> You may also choose to enable SAML-based single sign-on for Harness by following the instructions in the [Harness single sign-on  article](./harness-tutorial.md). You can configure single sign-on independent of automatic user provisioning, although these two features complement each other.

> [!NOTE]
> To learn more about the Harness SCIM endpoint, see the Harness [API Keys](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/automation/api/add-and-manage-api-keys/) article.

To configure automatic user provisioning for Harness in Microsoft Entra ID, do the following:

1. Sign in to the [Microsoft Entra admin center](https://entra.microsoft.com) as at least a [Cloud Application Administrator](~/identity/role-based-access-control/permissions-reference.md#cloud-application-administrator).
1. Browse to **Entra ID** > **Enterprise apps**.

   ![Enterprise applications blade](common/enterprise-applications.png)

1. In the applications list, select **Harness**.

   ![The Harness link in the applications list](common/all-applications.png)

1. Select the **Provisioning** tab.

   ![Provisioning tab](common/provisioning.png)

> 1. Set **+ New configuration**.

Reviewer: Verb fix: the provisioning UI uses **Select** here, not "Set".

```suggestion
1. Select **+ New configuration**.
```

   ![Screenshot of Provisioning tab automatic.](common/application-provisioning.png)

1. Under **Admin Credentials**, do the following:

   ![Tenant URL + Token](common/provisioning-testconnection-tenanturltoken.png)
   
      * In the **Tenant URL** box, enter **`https://app.harness.io/gateway/api/scim/account/<your_harness_account_ID>`**. You can obtain your Harness account ID from the URL in your browser when you are logged into Harness.

>       * In the **Secret Token** box, enter the SCIM Authentication Token value that you saved in step 3 of the "Set up Harness for provisioning" section.

Reviewer: Inaccurate cross-reference: the token value is created and copied in **step 4** of "Set up Harness for provisioning" (step 3 only creates the API key). Making it self-contained is clearer:

```suggestion
      * In the **Secret Token** box, enter the token value that you copied when you created the API token in the "Set up Harness for provisioning" section.
```

         ![Screenshot of Provisioning test connection.](common/provisioning-test-connection.png)

1. Select **Create** to create your configuration. 

1. Select **Properties** in the **Overview** page.

1. Select the pencil to edit the properties. Enable notification emails and provide an email to receive quarantine emails. Enable accidental deletions prevention. Select **Apply** to save the changes.

  ![Screenshot of Provisioning properties.](common/provisioning-properties.png)

1. Select **Attribute Mapping** in the left panel and select **users**.

1. Review the user attributes that are synchronized from Microsoft Entra ID to Harness in the **Attribute Mapping** section. The attributes selected as **Matching** properties are used to match the user accounts in Harness for update operations. Select the **Save** button to commit any changes.

   ![Harness user "Attribute Mappings" pane](media/harness-provisioning-tutorial/userattributes.png)

1. Under **Mappings**, select **Synchronize Microsoft Entra groups to Harness**.

> 1. Review the user attributes that are synchronized from Microsoft Entra ID to Harness in the **Attribute Mapping** section. The attributes selected as **Matching** properties are used to match the user accounts in Harness for update operations. Select the **Save** button to commit any changes.

Reviewer: This step configures **group** synchronization (see the heading above and the group attribute-mapping screenshot), but the text still says "user attributes" and "user accounts" -- it's a copy of the user step. Update it for groups:

```suggestion
1. Review the group attributes that are synchronized from Microsoft Entra ID to Harness in the **Attribute Mapping** section. The attributes selected as **Matching** properties are used to match the groups in Harness for update operations. Select the **Save** button to commit any changes.
```

   ![Harness group "Attribute Mappings" pane](media/harness-provisioning-tutorial/groupattributes.png)

1. To configure scoping filters, refer to the following instructions provided in the [Scoping filter article](~/identity/app-provisioning/define-conditional-rules-for-provisioning-user-accounts.md).

1. Use [on-demand provisioning](~/identity/app-provisioning/provision-on-demand.md) to validate sync with a small number of users before deploying more broadly in your organization. 

1. When you are ready to provision, select **Start Provisioning** from the **Overview** page.

## Monitor your deployment

After you start provisioning, monitor the provisioning logs to verify that users and groups sync correctly between Microsoft Entra ID and Harness.

[!INCLUDE [monitor-deployment.md](~/identity/saas-apps/includes/monitor-deployment.md)]

> ## Related articles

Reviewer: The contributor guide uses **## Related content** (or **## Next step**), not "Related articles". This also restores the original `#related-content` anchor:

```suggestion
## Related content
```
